January - New Creation - 2 Cor 5:17 - Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has passed away; behold, the new has come.
January - Identity - Romans 8:15-16 - For you did not receive the spirit of slavery to fall back into fear, but you have received the Spirit of adoption as sons, by whom we cry, "Abba! Father!" The Spirit himself bears witness with our spirit that we are children of God, 
February - God's Children - Ephesians 1:5 - In love, God decided in advance to adopt us into His own family by bringing us to Himself through Jesus Christ. This is what He wanted to do, and it gave Him great pleasure.
February - Abba Father - Galatians 4:6 - Because you are His sons, God sent the Spirit of His Son into our hearts, the Spirit who calls out, "Abba, Father."
March - Community - Proverbs 27:17 - As iron sharpens iron, one man sharpens another.
March - Burden-Bearing - Philippians 2:4 - Do not merely look out for your own personal interests, but also for the interests of others.
April - Prayer - Phil 4:6-7 - Do not be anxious about anything, but in everything, by prayer and petition, with thanksgiving, present your requests to God. And the peace of God, which transcends all understanding, will guard your hearts and minds in Christ Jesus.
April - Listening to God - John 10:27 - My sheep listen to My voice; I know them and they follow me. 
May - Character - Mt 12:33 - Either make the tree good and its fruit good, or make the tree bad and its fruit bad, for the tree is known by its fruit.
May - Inner Accuser - Rom 7:22-23 - For I joyfully concur with the law of God in the inner man, but I see a different law in the members of my body, waging war against the law of my mind and making me a prisoner of the law of sin which is in my members. Wretched man that I am!
May - "Character is the will to do what's right, as defined by God, regardless of personal cost." -- Andy Stanley
June - Selflessness - Eph 5:25 - Husbands, love your wives, just as Christ also loved the church and gave Himself up for her,
June - Honor - 1 Pet 3:7 - You husbands in the same way, live with your wives in an understanding way, as with someone weaker, since she is a woman; and show her honor as a fellow heir of the grace of life, so that your prayers will not be hindered.
Prov 3:5-8 - Trust in the Lord with all your heart And do not lean on your own understanding. In all your ways acknowledge Him, And He will make your paths straight. Do not be wise in your own eyes; Fear the Lord and turn away from evil. It will be healing to your body And refreshment to your bones.
James 1:19-20 - "But everyone must be quick to hear, slow to speak and slow to anger; for the anger of man does not achieve the righteousness of God."
1 Cor 15:33 - "Do not be deceived: 'Bad company corrupts good morals.'"
Micah 6:8 - He has told you, O man, what is good; And what does the Lord require of you But to do justice, to love kindness, And to walk humbly with your God?
"What we are afraid to do before men, we should be afraid to think before God." -- Beilby Porteus
Sept - Col 3:22-24 - Slaves, in all things obey those who are your masters on earth, not with external service, as those who merely please men, but with sincerity of heart, fearing the Lord. Whatever you do, do your work heartily, as for the Lord rather than for men, knowing that from the Lord you will receive the reward of the inheritance. It is the Lord Christ whom you serve.
Sept - 1 Cor 10:31 - Whether, then, you eat or drink or whatever you do, do all to the glory of God.
Oct - Eph 4:29 - Let no unwholesome word proceed from your mouth, but only such a word as is good for edification according to the need of the moment, so that it will give grace to those who hear.
Oct - 2 Cor 5:20 - Therefore, we are ambassadors for Christ, as though God were making an appeal through us; we beg you on behalf of Christ, be reconciled to God.
Nov - Disciple-Making - Mt 28:18-20 - And Jesus came up and spoke to them, saying, "All authority has been given to Me in heaven and on earth. Go therefore and make disciples of all the nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I commanded you; and lo, I am with you always, even to the end of the age."
Nov - Mentoring - Ps 71:18 - And even when I am old and gray, O God, do not forsake me, Until I declare Your strength to this generation, Your power to all who are to come.
Dec - Purity - 2 Tim 2:22 - Now flee from youthful lusts and pursue righteousness, faith, love and peace, with those who call on the Lord from a pure heart.
Dec - Exclusivity - Malachi 2:15 - But not one has done so who has a remnant of the Spirit. And what did that one do while he was seeking a godly offspring? Take heed then to your spirit, and let no one deal treacherously against the wife of your youth.
Eph 4:26-27 - Be angry, and yet do not sin; do not let the sun go down on your anger, and do not give the devil an opportunity.
Deut 4:6 - Hear, O Israel! The Lord is our God, the Lord is one! You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart and with all your soul and with all your might.
James 4:14-15 - Yet you do not know what your life will be like tomorrow. You are just a vapor that appears for a little while and then vanishes away. Instead, you ought to say, "If the Lord wills, we will live and also do this or that."
Eph 2:14-15 - Do all things without grumbling or disputing; so that you will prove yourselves to be blameless and innocent, children of God above reproach in the midst of a crooked and perverse generation, among whom you appear as lights in the world,
"The religion of Christ is not a tidbit after one’s bread; on the contrary, it is the bread or it is nothing. People should at least understand and concede this if they call themselves Christian." -- Dietrich Bonhoeffer
James 1:13-15 - Let no one say when he is tempted, "I am being tempted by God"; for God cannot be tempted by evil, and He Himself does not tempt anyone. But each one is tempted when he is carried away and enticed by his own lust. Then when lust has conceived, it gives birth to sin; and when sin is accomplished, it brings forth death.
Ps 37:8 - Cease from anger and forsake wrath; Do not fret; it leads only to evildoing.
Luke 12:15 - "And he said to them, 'Take care, and be on your guard against all covetousness, for one's life does not consist in the abundance of his possessions.'"
Col 3:21 - "Fathers, do not provoke your children, lest they become discouraged."
Gal 6:2 - "Bear one another's burdens, and thereby fulfill the law of Christ."
Rom 12:2 - "Do not be conformed to this world, but be transformed by the renewal of your mind, that by testing you may discern what is the will of God, what is good and acceptable and perfect."
Rom 6:23 - "For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord."
Lev 19:18 - "You shall not take vengeance, nor bear any grudge against the sons of your people, but you shall love your neighbor as yourself; I am the Lord."
James 5:16 - "The effective prayer of a righteous man can accomplish much."
Num 6:24-26 - "The Lord bless you, and keep you; The Lord make His face shine on you, And be gracious to you; The Lord lift up His countenance on you, And give you peace."
Ps 56:3 - "When I am afraid, I will put my trust in You."
